chore: squash Kommander release notes for 1.1.0 GA (#3094)
mesosphere/dcos-docs-site: pages/ksphere/kommander/1.1/release-notes/index.md

- grafana: ``

-->
### Kommander 1.1.0 - July 16th 2020

| Kubernetes Support | Version |
| ------------------ | ------- |
| **Minimum**        | 1.15.0  |
| **Maximum**        | 1.17.x  |
| **Default**        | 1.17.3  |

#### New Features

##### Centralized Cost Monitoring

Kubecost, running on Kommander, provides centralized cost monitoring for all managed clusters. This feature, installed by default in every Kommander cluster, provides a centralized view of Kubernetes resources used on all managed clusters. For more information go to [Centralized Cost Monitoring](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.1.0/centralized-cost-monitoring/)

##### D2-ify Managed Clusters

When attaching non-Konvoy clusters, such as Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, Google GKE, and On-Premises Kubernetes clusters, Kommander will federate a subset of standard Konvoy Addons to enable SSO, AuthN/Z, observability, and cost monitoring. This includes addons: Prometheus Operator, Alert Manager, Karma, Elasticsearch, Kibana, and Fluentbit.

##### Improved RBAC

> Kommander has revamped Access Controls for users at the global, workspace, and project levels allowing for greater flexibility and security when assigning roles. See [Granting Access to Kubernetes Resources in Kommander](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.1.0/tutorials/configure-rbac/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kommander has enhanced Access Controls for users at the global, workspace, and project levels allowing for greater flexibility and security when assigning roles. See [Granting Access to Kubernetes Resources in Kommander](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.1.0/tutorials/configure-rbac/)
```

##### LDAP Support

Kommander now supports configuring an external LDAP directory for authenticating users. See [Connect and configure your LDAP directory to Konvoy and Kommander](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.1.0/ldap/setup-ldap/)

#### Improvements

> Beyond new features, here are the improvements you can expect when upgrading from Kommander 1.0:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Beyond new features, here are the improvements made in Kommander 1.1:
```

* Added Support for Kommander to attach the cluster it is running on as managed Cluster
* Added ability to access the managed cluster's Kubernetes API with a valid management cluster token
* Added possibility to set metadata for Workspaces
* Added a way to deploy generic KUDO services
* Added quota support for projects
* Added Cluster Overview tab to Cluster Details page in UI
* Added a way to add clusters to projects based on labels
* Added support for nonResourceUrls in Roles in the UI
* Added loading indicators for cluster creation form
* Added Cluster ID to UI for easier identification in other dashboards
* Allowed default federated addon values to be overriden
* Attaching clusters to Kommander is now considered GA
* Display users Username in the UI
* Enabled License validation
* Generated labels are now hidden in cluster overview pages
* Hid Kubeconfig download link for clusters where that config might not be available
* Improved Grafana dashboard names for addons
* Improved auth token transport for managed clusters
* Improved context handling for multiple contexts when attaching cluster
* Improved display of resource allocations in the UI
* Improved attach Cluster Flow in UI

> * Improved K8s Version Selector and Support for managed clusters created via UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved K8s Version Selector and Support for managed clusters created through the UI
```

* Improved AWS tags to include cluster name.
* Improved Error messaging when trying to delete roles or groups that are used by policies

> * Improved performance for querying available versions in cluster create form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Improved performance for querying available versions in cluster create form
```

* Improved Cluster Status Visualisation in the UI
* Removed suffixes from federated ConfigMaps and Secrets
* Removed namespace suffix from projects and platform service names

> * Removed old, unsupported versions from version selector in create cluster form.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Removed old, unsupported versions from version selector in create cluster form
```

* Renamed "Cloud Provider" to "Infrastructure Provider" to better fit on premise
* Simplifed kommander's grafana dashboard job
* UI now trims input values to remove leading, trailing, and duplicate spaces
* Updated catalog API for v1beta2 addons

#### Bug Fixes

* Allow deleting clusters retry after failing. For example when there are permission issues.
* Disabled "View Logs" Link in UI for managed clusters not running Kibana
* Federate karma-proxy only to Konvoy clusters
* Fixed missing Grafana home dashboard
* Fixed cluster deletion on detail page not working

> * Fixed a bug where Kommander addon wasnt successfully deploying on Azure

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a bug where Kommander addon was not successfully deploying on Azure
```

* Fixed Kommander to not show unofficially supported versions of Kubernetes by default
* Fixed possible data collision bug related to clusters

> * Fixed a possible crash-loop situation for kubeaddons when cert-manager isnt ready yet

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a possible crash-loop situation for kubeaddons when cert-manager is not ready yet
```

* Fixed and improved LDAP Identity provider handling
* Fixed display of "nothing to report" situations vs actual errors
* Fixed bugs related to access control
* Fixed naming of roles in projects
* Fixed an issue where projects were not created due to a bug in project name suffix handling

> * Fixed version selector when creating clusters via UI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed version selector when creating clusters through the UI
```

-->

#### New Features

##### Centralized Cost Monitoring

Kubecost, running on Kommander, provides centralized cost monitoring for all managed clusters. This feature, installed by default in every Kommander cluster, provides a centralized view of Kubernetes resources used on all managed clusters. For more information go to [Centralized Cost Monitoring](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.1.0/centralized-cost-monitoring/)

##### D2-ify Managed Clusters

> When attaching non-Konvoy clusters, such as Amazon EKS, Azure AKS, Google GKE, and On-Premises Kubernetes clusters, Kommander will federate a subset of standard Konvoy Addons to enable SSO, AuthN/Z, observability, and cost monitoring. This includes addons: Prometheus Operator, Alert Manager, Karma, Elasticsearch, Kibana, and Fluentbit.

Author: Couldn't find a doc describing the addons we federate

Reviewer 2: If we think this needs additional information, we can open a JIRA. We have to remember that release notes may not stick around forever, so making sure we talk about this stuff outside of release notes is usually necessary.

Author: yup i've asked @drewvanstone's team to write up a doc. We can link to it after

##### Improved RBAC

Kommander has revamped Access Controls for users at the global, workspace, and project levels allowing for greater flexibility and security when assigning roles. See [Granting Access to Kubernetes Resources in Kommander](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.1.0/tutorials/configure-rbac/)

##### LDAP Support

> Kommander now supports configuring an external LDAP directory for authenticating users. See [Connect and configure your LDAP directory to Konvoy and Kommander](https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.1.0/ldap/setup-ldap/)

Author: Not 100% sure if this was supported before but saw new docs for it

Reviewer 3: thats old. but got some improvements IIRC. But SAML was added AFAIK.

Reviewer: I updated that topic based on Docathon input. It a long topic but hopefully it covers everything.

Author: hm... there is literally not a single mention of SAML in all the kommander docs. And from this doc https://docs.d2iq.com/ksphere/kommander/1.1.0-beta/operations/identity-providers/

```
Currently, Kommander supports Github, LDAP, and any standard OIDC provider such as Google.
```

Lucy you got some 'splaining to do

Anyway if LDAP is old I'll take it out from the new features section

Reviewer 3: yeah… was referring to https://jira.d2iq.com/browse/D2IQ-65025, but it didnt made it into the UI 🙈  we got a JIRA to add it and will update docs once thats done.

Reviewer 3: so yeah, removing it for this release is probably correct.
